ladies and gentlemen whether you're
sitting on the New Berlin wall trying
tell me down
how did some snip of a girly boy
becoming the internationally ignored
song stylist barely standing before you
I can't believe you're not a girl
look I forget something that is in the
house you could give me a cavity
it is clear that I must find my other
half but is it a he or she and two
people actually become
[Applause]
[Music]
one day in the late Middle Ages I was in
my early late twenties
I never knew that woman before that
night and I never knew she wasn't a
woman to back out of sweet songs
exploded out of us we were out grossing
monster trucks in Wichita when it comes
to huge openings a lot of people think
of me I have tried singing one and they
threw tomatoes at staff to the show I
had a nice salad
thank you guys gentlemen thank you both
of you
[Music]
[Applause]
hey boy take a walk on the wild side
good week other ingredients come upon in
my travels I have to think about the
people who have come upon me
[Applause]
[Music]
you